doc: link to numaflow-rs (#27)
numaproj/numaflow-js: README.md

```

> If any of the examples are failing to build or if they need further clarification, please create an issue in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the examples are failing to build or if they need further clarification, please create an [issue](https://github.com/numaproj/numaflow-js/issues/new/choose) to fix the same.
```

> [Numaflow-JS GitHub repository](https://github.com/numaproj/numaflow-js/issues/new/choose) to fix the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
